Update license utils and tests for license filtering (#10)
bharat-biradar/pana: third_party/spdx/README.md

> # Overview
> All the licenses in this directory were obtained from [SPDX](https://github.com/spdx/license-list-data).
>  

Reviewer: We can be more explicit, maybe say something like:

```suggestion
# Known Licenses

The `licenses/` folder contains known open source licenses, used in `lib/src/license_detection/` for detecting SPDX license identifier given `LICENSE` file.

The known licenses in the `licenses/` folder were obtained from the [SPDX  license repository][1].

**Source:** `https://github.com/spdx/license-list-data`
**Revision:** `<TODO insert revision they were cloned from>`

[1]: https://github.com/spdx/license-list-data 
```
